the top 10 horror enemy movies are not
only based on movies but also OVA zuv
four episodes unless for anybody doesn't
know what an OVA is think of a TV
miniseries those wondering about their
favorite whore enemy TV shows they'll be
in a different top 10 on a later date
number 10 head Shop of Horrors count
these the mysterious kay ticker of a pet
shop in Chinatown Los Angeles each of
the count these rare pets come of a
contract with three major points if the
rules of the contract are followed
everything goes well but if they don't
the pet shop cannot be held responsible
for anything unfortunate that might
happen without a doubt pet shops of
horror is inspired by the movie gremlins
number nine demon Prince and mob demon
hunters who formed a detective agency
have come to Japan to exterminate demons
and monsters who have escaped from hell
number eight
Lily cats what happens when you mix all
three movies the thing
alien in 2001 a Space Odyssey then you
have yourself an anime movie called Lily
cat a space crew travels across the
universe and a private shuttle however a
bacterial virus is loose and has quickly
evolved into a hostile life-form taking
each member one by one the remaining
survivors must find a way to stop the
bacterial virus or die trying
number seven bio hunter two scientists
take on the new epidemic known as the
demon virus which turns regular humans
into killing demonic monsters things
become complicated when one of them gets
infected is this the end of the bio
hunters number six vampire hunter
in a post nuclear holocaust world my
young woman hires a vampire hunter to
protect her from a powerful vampire Lord
candy prevent her from becoming a
vampire number five the curse of Kazu
amazing
now this anime OVA only contains two
stories the first story involves a
teenage girl investigating a new girl
who may be a blood sucking vampire or
perhaps she's not the second story of
lost four teenage girls exploring the
town's famous haunted house the only way
described as great anime to the non
anime fans out there is think of
goosebumps meets Tales from the Crypt
number four blood
the last vampire in the 1960s a vampire
hunter who is also the last remaining
original vampire is sent to a u.s. army
base in Japan where has been infested by
bat-like creatures this badass Slayer
must discover who has turned and how
many number three kako Denbo I didn't
see there's a rumor that if you play the
game hide and seek after dark near the
ruins of an abandoned old city demons
will come and take you away
a boy who joins the game with hopes of
finding his missing sister
number two wicked city the human world
secretly coexists with the demon world
with an elite secret police horse known
as the Black Guard protecting both
realms an extremist group of demons
called the radicals look to end the
peace it's up to the black guards to
stop number one corpse party tortured
souls
based on the RPG survival horror video
game corpse party said in heavenly host
elementary school that was torn down
following the murders and disappearance
of several of its staff and students in
modern day a high school is built over
it so all of his past is forgiven or was
it on one rainy night a group of high
school students were telling ghost
stories and then performed a friendship
charms upon completion of the charm a
sudden earthquake transports them to
another dimension where heavenly hosts
still exist and is haunted by the ghost
of the school's murdered children